working-groups: add talent plan courses working group (#153)
pingcap/community: working-groups/wg-talent-plan-courses.md

# Talent Plan Courses Working Group

## Goals

The Talent Plan Course Working Group aims to develop a series of courses to help people enter the field of computer infrastructure system and TiDB ecosystem.

## Work and Meeting

* Regular Working Group Meeting: 4pm on every Thursday at PT (Pacific Time). [Convert to your timezone](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=5:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29)
* Meeting Zoom: https://pingcap.zoom.com.cn/j/9681232794
* [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yH_KeIxA8jW77meaO_5UegQO2tpWfCbPvEYlaW5b9fw/edit)

## Mentors

* [zz-json](https://github.com/zz-jason), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)

## Organizer

* [Soline324](https://github.com/Soline324), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)
* [JinLingChristopher](https://github.com/JinLingChristopher), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)

## Member (WIP)

to be determined

## Contact

> * Slack: channel **#wg-talent-plan-courses** in the [tidbcommunity](https://app.slack.com/client/TH91JCS4W/CR746G049) slack workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Slack: channel **#wg-talent-plan-courses** in the [tidbcommunity](https://pingcap.com/tidbslack/) slack workspace.
```

# Talent Plan Courses Working Group

## Goals

> THe Talent Plan Courses Working Group aims to develop a series of courses to help more peole enter the field of computer infrastructure system and the TiDB ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Talent Plan Course Working Group aims to develop a series of courses to help people enter the field of computer infrastructure system and TiDB ecosystem.
```

Reviewer: This goal is not concert. Please describe more about:
1. what courses are to be developed.
2. the RFC for talent plan courses.

## Work and Meeting

> - Regular Working Group Meeting: 4pm on every Thursday.

Reviewer 2: please add time zoon

Reviewer 3: zone

- Meeting Zoom: https://pingcap.zoom.com.cn/j/9681232794

> - [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zDUoERn1MQYMR1PX0r0SuX8zlQIaQCjS9UhsbIBnn3g/edit)

Reviewer 2: can the meeting notes open for the community?

Author: this is still under discussion. I will alter the content.

## Mentors

- [zz-json](https://github.com/zz-jason), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)

## Organizer

- [Soline324](https://github.com/Soline324), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)
- [JinLingChristopher](https://github.com/JinLingChristopher), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)

## Member

- [lamxTyler](https://github.com/lamxTyler), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)

> - [time-and-fate](https://github.com/time-and-fate)

Reviewer: member list are WIP.

Author: ok, I will alter it.
